Emergency Chat Services

# Using the app

An application for providing information and instruction for those in need during disaster situations via SMS and MMS.

To manually trigger a conversation, send an SMS message to: 647-697-3928.

This operates out of the dataset of fires and shelters which are viewable in the Disaster Admin Console here:
https://team6ixapp.mybluemix.net/

To reset the conversation, text "Clear".  In the event of the live map updating too slowly, clear your cache.

# Development

Main entry point to the REST API --> MessageApi.java

1) Watson Chat Assistant is used to define conversation flow and branching.  RescueBot Watson Chat Assistant workspace --> https://assistant-us-south.watsonplatform.net/us-south/4675dcda-7ce8-4c56-a000-421c223dfdd0/workspaces/e9fc9a95-fbfb-4210-b8e8-bd40cb3bebe2/build/intents

2) Twilio is used to route text messages to and from the user.  Twilio Account user `jacobwdv@ca.ibm.com`

3) Google Maps API is used for direction retrieval and statc map generation.  For the Google API Key, ask @danto1 on slack. This is used to get map snippets which we MMS back to the user.

4) Jenkins build and log retrieval server --> http://team6ix1.fyre.ibm.com:8080/job/godsplan/
  NOTE: The war file generated by this git  project is deployed on the LibertyServer, and for convenience, a secondary job retrieves the latest logs from Bluemix.

5) MapBox - A Mapbox instance is used to store a map view of all users who have used our chat system.  The associated REST  interactions are found in MapboxClient.java.  For account credentials contact @prasanth
 
6) Cloudant is the backend database system.  Cloudant login information found in CloudantPersistence.java.
  
  
